Princess, it's been more than half a month
Soldiers are peeling in the water
Hateful hit Ma Liang's sword again
This guy is not as good as God
Now is not the time to complain
Let's think about how to break the game
Establish a Wang Yang
Soldier morale
head-to-head
There is no chance of winning. Do you just lose like this?
If you don't fight, you lose
How is that possible?
Don't kill Ma Liang
It's hard to explain the hatred in my heart
How to kill and infiltrate the rebel army base camp
Assassination is too risky
In case of failure
I am the apprentice of the imperial teacher
What's so scary about immortality?
But Ma Liang is also an immortal
The imperial teacher has already inquired about it
He can't use mana at all
Forcibly using it is just courting death
If so
It's possible
Anyway, I succeeded in becoming human
When to start
The soldiers are very fast
It's today
This is the fairy energy bestowed upon me by the master
Once the spell is injected
It will form a cage
Can isolate everything
With this baby
We can invest in small bones and elite
Catch the thief first
That's right, this is our chance
We must win tonight